.TH "SINGULARITY" "8" "August 30, 2012" "Openstack Guest Agent" "Singularity 9999"
.SH "NAME"
singularity \- An Openstack Guest Agent for Hypervisor and Guest Communication
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.TP
singularity [\fI\-h\fR] [\fI\-\-version\fR] {apply,daemon} ...
.TP
singularity [\fI\-h\fR] [\fI\-\-functions FUNCTIONS\fR] [\fI\-\-loglevel LEVEL\fR] [\fI\-\-cache DIR\fR] [\fI\-\-loghandler HANDLER\fR] [\fI\-\-configuration DIR\fR] [\fI\-\-backup\fR] [\fI\-\-noop\fR] ACTION [\fIACTION ...\fR]
.TP
singularity [\fI\-h\fR] [\fI\-\-functions FUNCTIONS\fR] [\fI\-\-loglevel LEVEL\fR] [\fI\-\-cache DIR\fR] [\fI\-\-loghandler HANDLER\fR] [\fI\-\-configuration DIR\fR] [\fI\-\-backup\fR] [\fI\-\-run DIR\fR] [\fI\-\-uid USER\fR] [\fI\-\-nodaemonize\fR] [\fI\-\-configurators [\fIDIR [\fIDIR ...\fR]\fR]\fR] [\fI\-\-coredumps\fR] [\fI\-\-gid GROUP\fR] [\fI\-\-pidfile FILE\fR] ACTION
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
An Openstack Guest Agent for communication between the hypervisor and the guest running this daemon.  Allows the hypervisor to manipulate things like the following: networking, resolvers, passwords, etc.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.SS "Main"
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
show this help message and exit
.TP
\-\-version
show program's version number and exit
.TP
apply
Resets the configuration on the system based on the cached values (last known settings received from the hypervisor) and options passed to this command.
.TP
daemon
Watches for messages from the hypervisor and applies configuration changes as they are received.
.SS "Apply"
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
show this help message and exit
.TP
\-\-functions FUNCTIONS, \-F FUNCTIONS
The functions that should be handled by singularity. FUNCTIONS defaults to "network,hosts,resolvers,reboot,password". By specifying a subset of these functions; only the specified functions will be handled by singularity. WARNING! IF NETWORK IS NOT ENABLED; NEW SERVERS BUILT FROM IMAGES WILL NOT HAVE ANY NETWORKING CONFIGURATION AND WILL NOT BE ACCESSIBLE OVER THE INTERNET
.TP
\-\-loglevel LEVEL, \-l LEVEL
The logging level (corresponds to the levels in the python logging module). LEVEL defaults to warning.
.TP
\-\-cache DIR, \-c DIR
The directory in which to cache items. DIR defaults to /var/cache/singularity
.TP
\-\-loghandler HANDLER, \-H HANDLER
The log handler to utilize. HANDLER defaults to syslog. If a filepath is passed log messages will be sent to that file.
.TP
\-\-configuration DIR, \-f DIR
The configuration directory to use for various settings. DIR defaults to /etc/singularity
.TP
\-\-backup, \-b
Create backup files of all items modified by singularity. The backup file will be prefixed with '.' and suffixed with '.bak'.
.TP
\-\-noop
Show what actions would occur but don't apply any changes. Works like a dry run mode and forces info level logging. Overrides \-\-force if it is specified.
.SS "Daemon"
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
show this help message and exit
.TP
\-\-functions FUNCTIONS, \-F FUNCTIONS
The functions that should be handled by singularity. FUNCTIONS defaults to "network,hosts,resolvers,reboot,password". By specifying a subset of these functions; only the specified functions will be handled by singularity. WARNING! IF NETWORK IS NOT ENABLED; NEW SERVERS BUILT FROM IMAGES WILL NOT HAVE ANY NETWORKING CONFIGURATION AND WILL NOT BE ACCESSIBLE OVER THE INTERNET
.TP
\-\-loglevel LEVEL, \-l LEVEL
The logging level (corresponds to the levels in the python logging module). LEVEL defaults to warning.
.TP
\-\-cache DIR, \-c DIR
The directory in which to cache items. DIR defaults to /var/cache/singularity
.TP
\-\-loghandler HANDLER, \-H HANDLER
The log handler to utilize. HANDLER defaults to syslog. If a filepath is passed log messages will be sent to that file.
.TP
\-\-configuration DIR, \-f DIR
The configuration directory to use for various settings. DIR defaults to /etc/singularity
.TP
\-\-backup, \-b
Create backup files of all items modified by singularity. The backup file will be prefixed with '.' and suffixed with '.bak'.
.TP
\-\-run DIR, \-r DIR
The directory to store runtime items (sockets, etc). Defaults to /var/run.
.TP
\-\-uid USER, \-u USER
Username for the daemon to run as. USER defaults to root. This can be changed but doesn't make sense with certain functions (i.e. password).
.TP
\-\-nodaemonize
Detach, fork, the process into the background. Defaults to False.
.TP
\-\-configurators [DIR [DIR ...]], \-d [DIR [DIR ...]]
Directories that the daemon should check for other configurators that may be provided by another mechanism or by the administrator. Defaults to []; which includes no extra directories.
.TP
\-\-coredumps
Turns on coredumps from singularity. Defaults to False
.TP
\-\-gid GROUP, \-g GROUP
Group for the daemon to run as. GROUP defaults to root. This can be changed but doesn't make sense with certain functions (i.e. password).
.TP
\-\-pidfile FILE, \-p FILE
The file that holds the PID of the running daemon. FILE defaults to /var/run/singularity.pid
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.TP
\fBLOGLEVEL\fR
The logging level for the pre\-setup run\-time.  This controls the logging output of the console logger until the specified logger can be completely setup.
.SH "FILES"
.TP
/etc/singularity/singularity.conf
The default configuration file for singularity.  This houses parameters that controls singularity's behavior.
.TP
/var/cache/singularity
The default directory where cached results for singularity are stored.  Any configurators that create files as their output will have the results stored here before being applied to the filesystem.
.TP
/var/run/singularity/singularity.pid
The default pidfile location for singularity.  While the daemon is running the PID of the running daemon is stored in this file.
.TP
Configurators Directory (default: /etc/singularity/configurators)
The directory to search for more configurators (for development or other purposes).
.SH "SIGNALS"
.TP
\fBSIGHUP\fR
Reloads the configuration parameters that are read dynamically during execuation as well as the loaded configurators.
.TP
\fBSIGTERM\fR
Restarts the daemon (kills current running instance and starts a new daemon).
.TP
\fBSIGINT\fR
See \fBSIGTERM\fR
.SH "AUTHOR"
Alex Brandt <alunduil@alunduil.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
singularity-apply(8), singularity-daemon(8), singularity.conf(5)
.SH "SECURITY CONSIDERATIONS"
When logging with \fIdebug\fR level, the passwords that are decrypted as part of the password reset functionality are logged in plain text.