.TH "SINGULARITY.CONF" "5" "September 29, 2012" "Openstack Guest Agent" "Singularity 1.0.1"
.SH "NAME"
singularity.conf \- Main configuration file for singularity(8)
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fb/etc/singularity/singularity.conf\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.TP
singularity(8) reads configuration data from \fI/etc/singularity/singularity.conf\fR (or the file specified with \fB-f\fR on the command line).  The file is in ini format and respects the following sections and parameters:
.SS \fB[main]\fR
.TP
.IT
\fBloglevel\fR
The logging level (corresponds to the levels in the python logging module).  LEVEL defaults to warning.
.TP
.IT
\fBbackup\fR
Create backup files of all items modified by singularity.  The backup file will be prefixed with '.' and suffixed with '.bak'.
.TP
.IT
\fBconfiguration\fR
The configuration directory to use for various settings.  DIR defaults to /etc/singularity
.TP
.IT
\fBcache\fR
The directory in which to cache items.  DIR defaults to /var/cache/singularity
.TP
.IT
\fBloghandler\fR
The log handler to utilize.  HANDLER defaults to syslog.  If a filepath is passed log messages will be sent to that file.
.TP
.IT
\fBfunctions\fR
The functions that should be handled by singularity.  FUNCTIONS defaults to "network,hosts,resolvers,reboot,password".  By specifying a subset of these functions; only the specified functions will be handled by singularity.  WARNING!  IF NETWORK IS NOT ENABLED; NEW SERVERS BUILT FROM IMAGES WILL NOT HAVE ANY NETWORKING CONFIGURATION AND WILL NOT BE ACCESSIBLE OVER THE INTERNET
.SS \fB[apply]\fR
.TP
.IT
\fBnoop\fR
Show what actions would occur but don't apply any changes.  Works like a dry run mode and forces info level logging.  Overrides --force if it is specified.
.SS \fB[daemon]\fR
.TP
.IT
\fBrun\fR
The directory to store runtime items (sockets, etc).  Defaults to /var/run.
.TP
.IT
\fBpidfile\fR
The file that holds the PID of the running daemon.  FILE defaults to /var/run/singularity.pid
.TP
.IT
\fBuid\fR
Username for the daemon to run as.  USER defaults to root.  This can be changed but doesn't make sense with certain functions (i.e. password).
.TP
.IT
\fBgid\fR
Group for the daemon to run as.  GROUP defaults to root.  This can be changed but doesn't make sense with certain functions (i.e. password).
.TP
.IT
\fBcoredumps\fR
Turns on coredumps from singularity.  Defaults to False
.TP
.IT
\fBnodaemonize\fR
Detach, fork, the process into the background.  Defaults to False.
.TP
.IT
\fBconfigurators\fR
Directories that the daemon should check for other configurators that may be provided by another mechanism or by the administrator.  Defaults to []; which includes no extra directories.
.SH "FILES"
.TP
/etc/singularity/singularity.conf
The default configuration file for singularity.  This houses parameters that controls singularity's behavior.
.TP
/var/cache/singularity
The default directory where cached results for singularity are stored.  Any configurators that create files as their output will have the results stored here before being applied to the filesystem.
.TP
/var/run/singularity/singularity.pid
The default pidfile location for singularity.  While the daemon is running the PID of the running daemon is stored in this file.
.TP
Configurators Directory (default: /etc/singularity/configurators)
The directory to search for more configurators (for development or other purposes).
.SH "AUTHOR"
Alex Brandt <alunduil@alunduil.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
singularity-apply(8), singularity-daemon(8), singularity(8)